our brothers are both let's go Rescue an
admic
asset the tyan I hope they survived do
not admit such a
thought too many of us have fallen today
we are at War Death waits for all of us
so
cool so
cool by does that regenerate fast when
you're on the
ground so which way are we going
then does it matter or does it all all
loop around the same
well got to be honest boys I love my
melter
[Music]
gun
moving kind of wondering actually is
there's something down here cuz you are
incentivized to not really do it
right oh you can press oh that's nice
yeah oh that does use your charges
though still handy
though ding around and approach to
someone before you chop chop
chop okay well it was just a gun I was
hoping for a DAT to slate down there
reposition that's
fine got Plasma Pistol
[Music]
zenos Vermin take full advantage of the
jump packs come down upon them like
lightning bolts
while airor hold the middle button and
press destroy them
oh [__] yeah
whoa yeah it freezes you in place I
thought you had to use that shift thing
but you don't at all j
page all right fair
enough that's
fun restocking
redeploy they will not get past
this target destroyed
death to xenos
[Music]
or let's pick the Melt rifle up again
and let's go in close range redeploy
they ever learn
another
one [__] hell got hit in the ass by a
Venom can Brothers
this
m what
well that escalated real quick from
killing about 10 gauns at the start
Jesus
Christ that's
crazy
Madness so it doesn't look like I can go
through there I don't think
no what about over
herey sec
okay I didn't use any
grenades this where we came from it's
not is
it let us get to work
[Music]
interesting
repositioning oh again though what
happens if you went down the bottom yeah
there's like a med kit and
[__] stuff down there
move
it cool
got a little bit wrecked initially there
when we got
pinned but yeah jump pack seems pretty
damn
strong more xenos
Abominations stored bioman
vile the crash sight is on the other
side of that mind
biomass too high to jum we have not
charges left place them strategically
weak points
only reload
no we must break the
sh I mean I'm [__] hitting
it okay one drop
[Music]
Brothers we have no time let us blow
this damn
wall re
Supply engaging
CR look at the range man oh what he got
me
mid that was too close we are wasting
time get those charges in
position dude what the [__] hold on I
okay I need to shoot them from afar the
zrs aren even dead yet not
good
backage
up every delay
was Lo this wall
now St
redeploy we are wasting time get those
charges in
position repositioning
destroy [__] hell man
recover engaging
proc munition secure
my armor
is yeah I don't know what I'm doing
here think the enemies might be infinite
till I just destroy that
thing I think we need to take out the
zone for UPS first but then
again the [__] Venom brood are legit
for
us what am I
here now I'm down
Hill dude I don't want to be down our
Hill oh now I'm just back to a default
vter as
well no I don't like that [__] me
man jump don't back Eng Gage oh my
gosh it's not working for
me a [__] I need
help okay this is not good arm
grab
redeploy brother we have no time let
blow this Dam wall
[Music]
don't back
engage we are wasting time get those
charges in position melt a charge in
position
execute these [__] for some
armor [__] l zone bro you are so
annoying I still draw bre
moving the emperor
oh hit me mid a i DOD it with
that
repositioning we are wasting time get
those charges in
position [__] Zone props are wrecking
me man
godamn Zone
FRS I don't think there's much Point
shooting them with the
Bolter maybe I should just ignore them
man they are so
tanky they are crazy tanky them
zones yeah let's just get out of here I
think that might be the idea
man this guy is not dying
every delay risks the lives of our
brothers BL this wall
now melter charge in position
engaging
press got it little
[__] good good good good good good
destroy Ty close by reposition [__]
man
[Music]
restocking Brothers we have no time let
us blow this B
wall stabilizing V
[__] hell
man we are wasting time get those
charges in
position finish
it this uh stalker bolt rifle's pretty
good
back
up explosives ready
yeah that thing kills the Zone real fast
awesome no one's rope
[Music]
eliminated M Char set
[__]
man yeah I like this stalker Bol rifle
jeez this is pretty good yeah I like to
try this in PVE mode got you does a lot
of
damage be good an attack this
charge arm charge is in position clear
the blast
area blow it with pleasure
got Scene yeah the stalker Bol rifle
saved me there with the Zone props man
they kill them so easy it's
awesome even your little triple burst
fire thing that Zooms in does it seem
anywhere near as good I don't know if
there's proximity based damage though
for guns in this game you know where if
you're beyond a certain range the damage
of your weapons will will be lowered I
don't know if that happens in this game
so this is the crash site for the
Thunderhawk
ship yeah and there's a dead
Marine that's the tech priest oh
yikes is it is that the tech
priest
chaos sweep the
[Music]
area [__] sake
are you kidding
me what just cuz he's impaled on a spike
yeah I suppose it makes sense tyan is
not going to impale him on a spike are
they so it must have been chaos that
shot the Thunderhawk down I
guess what's going on some sort of
psychic thing brother I'm fine it must
be the Rubicon
surgery where
days that's
convenient what's going on find it
hurry we should go I said I'm fine noik
is Dead mission is over whoever did this
is long gone
chaos the sworn
enemy my Lord we cannot take you we have
ORD have your orders orders are accar we
cannot allow you on board our liutenant
ised unless you attend to strike we are
getting
is that [__] with his head
psychically don't know what's going
on but you guys know that zch is coming
up so there will be some Shenanigans for
sure
that was a good scrap though with the
NS they don't make it
easy
Christ zone frops are fittingly
terrifying it's because they're they're
floating up
high so you have to shoot them you can't
melee them but it's hard because you're
get swarmed by hormigon then you're
dodging Venom cannons
yeah it's just mental the captain is
withholding something akaran will not
deceive us gadriel then where did
Demetrio Titus serve previously and why
is he back in battle so soon after such
Grievous surgery Sergeant venti spoke of
a Death Watch Team that deployed a virus
bomp Lieutenant brother are you
recovered I am the apothecaries should
run a diagnostic I do not have to need
need nor the time for such a process
mayos Gallo also expressed his concern
consider his councel if not ours if
there is any risk of recurrence it puts
the whole Squad in Jeopardy true it can
wait I must speak with Captain aaran as
you
command
him with our bodies our blood and our
searing
wrath our very life force is a gift from
him and we shall use it through him in
him within him for he is the light of
mankind sorry I thought I was one truth
in a galaxy of F this is weird to
witness Space Marines doing their little
prayer Latin be Roman church prayer in
SW weird their armies
CR the death of an arch MOS will not be
regarded favorably by the machine cult
brother oh he was in Ash magos was he on
your feet you took turn for the worst
such reports were
exaggerated I glad to hear it your
efforts in delaying the Swarm were ADM
such it was a sight to behold brother I
must report to agaran excuse me the
emperor
protects so they were the badasses who
went and did the operation and burnt a
lot of
tyranids by planting a bomb in the
promethium
mine was that truly the work of the arsh
enemy it was not clear to you it may
have been only a handful of Fanatics a
handful of cultists could not bring down
a Thunderhawk true he is right the arch
enemy is here they chose to reveal their
presence there must have been a reason
they wanted nosic
dead yes nosic must have known
something but who knows
what what in damnation happened down
there noic was
assassinated the adeptus mechanicus
report said engine failure that's not
what I saw
Sergeant
traitors
traitors you're
sure no mistaking it
sir clear the
bridge noik was head of a highly
classified project
Aurora what is it a weapon and the
minions of K El learned of its existence
with noik dead there's only one man
capable of continuing the
work morus L no's Apprentice he's
missing his last location was a
mechanic's facility on avara one is now
overrun with tyranids avax what's avara
this will get you into the citator
within the facility you can access
losers tracker from there we are on
course to avara now is that the hi you
ready City the high
World
sir what was on the ship with nosik what
concern is it of yours the mechanicus
seemed eager to retrieve it and yet the
enemy left it
untouched whatever it is without lose
it's useless to us
the mechanicus aren't too shy of using
chaos corrupted journey to will take
time enough for a brief
diagnostic very well if it will put you
at ease Mega Gallo will be in the
Armory oh correct 4 starboard on course
engines to fall maintain all specs
monitoring the terrist will likely
attempt an psh hi
sir stand down from high stand oh yeah
avax is the main hi
World cool all
right let's get out of here then let's
progress the story a wee bit
yeah stalk a Bool rifle so my favorite
gun so far stalk a Bool rifle and melt a
gun they're the two for me and they're
quite contrasting it's a shame you can't
get a perk and Je Primary Weapons I saw
the name in a mission report most of
which was redacted I would have
preferred to stay in Kaku and hunt down
the Heretics that Dishonored our
brothers we will find them on ABX unless
L is already dead whatever those Tech
priests are working on is still here in
this system I expect the greatest battle
is Yet to
Come chaplain we meet
again
Titus I heard that you collapsed upon
encountering the taint in wreckage I am
concerned a mere side effect of the
surgery I am fully recovered Sergeant
gadriel I trust that you will be close
at hand should your brother suffer any
further
episodes yes brother chaplain if the
arch enemy is indeed present any
weakness could grow into a cancer of the
Soul bind yourself to how not Apothecary
and shield you from the classes that you
can play in PvP and PVE is without
compromise they've got to release them
as DC
right look how badass this guy looks
someone wants to play as
that anyway let's go see the
meos ships extended to 22 hours
until
R I am greatly concerned it wasef sound
like a a result of the surgery Roger
Roger catastrophic damage to a number of
primary organs at the hand of that carif
effect while in that state you underwent
radical surgery your body was ripped
open from head to radical surgery if
some error was made and remains
undetected it could cost you your life
brother it cannot afford another episode
like that the apothecaries may not have
time for a thorough diagnostic but
they've given me their sanction to do so
now settle in this will take time okay
okay all
right so we're in the orbit feels like
Star Wars again why do those things look
like Coral cetes to me from behind the
engine
thrusters dig your Biometrics are below
Peak but well within the tolerances for
combat I can find no explanation
the symptoms you experienced great I
have duties to attend to you have the
blessings of the omnis so there's a
little question what do you know about
Arch magos nok's research such knowledge
would only Grace the peaks of O impus
mons I am certainly not privy to the
subject of his activities I only pray
there remain records of his
discoveries I'm just going to say that's
a little nice little secret to think
about what was in that box that was
there that triggered
Titus so how do you unlock these things
not available for this operation right
okay fair enough yeah so you can get
snipers I've tried these out and I
really don't like the plasma
incinerator so this was your triple
burst one I'm not really a fan of that
might try the stalker Bolter man there's
so many different types of bolters it's
[Music]
insane where rapid fire mid-range with
extended
magazine it's just like slightly lower
rate of fire than the basic Bol
carbine maxman Bol carbine scope
semi-auto with a high rate of
fire wasn't that like like the Oculus I
don't know
oh and this is the normal Bolter the
bolt rifle not the bolt carbine all
right the bolt carbine is like an SMG
super high rate of fire I
see yeah and then you
Bolter slightly higher rate of fire
lower damage Bolter
melter what's the maxman bolt the
carbine that seems a bit
counterintuitive cuz the the carbine
aspect then
is like an SMG but it's a maxman version
it range is plus
what distance to deal effective
damage that implies that what I was
saying earlier is
true that uh there are range modifiers
and the
guns anyway we're going to take a
stalker bolt rifle no we're not we're
going to take a Mel rifle
oh I can swap to a power
sword which I don't understand what all
these pluses are I don't get that why is
it a plus why isn't it just telling me
what it actually is
[Music]
all right moving on then let's get down
to kadaka or whatever we're doing second
company we have reached aac's Orit
immed time to
go
explain can skip that yeah it's always
that Thunder Hawk animation coming out
of the the battle LGE so Marius lose the
only individual with the knowledge to
continue project Aurora is
missing access the mechanicus cogitator
in the tyranid occupied facility on
avara and acquire loses
location loses what an awkward name to
say l l
I hope that they do show the admech in a
in a positive light in this game I love
the admech and I want to see a tech
that's just slaughtering everyone you
need to take and some course
guar too much for isn't
it
understood my thanks
brother they've done a really good job I
think with this game they could take it
in so many ways within that Spire
there's the cargo elevator look all
those spores that'll be one hell of a
fight shame to miss it we should be down
there cor over we will be soon
enough don't worry mate I think we'll
have plenty of fighting on our hands so
yeah I've got a power saw
now ooh that's
like repairs are incomplete please
conduct holy maintenance the elevator is
broken we must find a way to restore
power servos skull how may we repair the
elevator operation without Full Repair
is
unwise override safety protocols via the
control at your own risk there looks
like the control room you get weird
likey AOE things with this power an
alternate route plotting now check our
display
entrance here your citator has remained
through that
door all this
destruction and not a tyranid in sight
they're here
watching watching
waiting definitely not commiserating tet
give No Quarter Hur them
reloading huh if I just hold down the
sea to
Parry does that s block chop
thing just experimenting with my new
sword lost a lot of HP for that
experimenting but what can you do
true Dam it they're fighting everywhere
but here what you call this these are
leftovers look at that it breaks their
guard the Char plasma that's cool isn't
it oh [__]
munition secured
I'm multi melter yes
please oh I that's what weapons it drops
it oh that's cool so I still technically
have my my other
weapons as soon as this runs out of I'll
be back to my normal Spire is infested
the control room may be out of action if
the controls are out we'll find another
method we will need Victory one way or
another wa the multi melter is insane
I've never used
one
Wow Come Take My Ste
they never
learn it's pretty vicious this is too
easy the quickest way up is over the
rooftops ahead turn the Dee and proceed
the tyranid will make ruin of the entire
city given the
chance it's got to be
handy not much else around
okay up and around we go
nice we'll stick with the Power sword
for now I'm still not sure about
it seems to be pretty bad at
AOE but if I'm running a melter it
should be acceptable xenos have The High
Ground
then take it from them
oh man it's so annoying when they Target
someone
else and they hit you
still but yeah power's good at ripping
through the
Warriors R controls ahead brother this
will get us to the
objective where oh we're just going down
and clearing out nids here we do not
want to be going down really
restocking it's a heavy Bolter I'm not
even going to pick it
up I don't like it when I'm solo it
makes you so
immobile sounds like the mechanism is
damaged it may take
time
great Turnin are staging a
attack eliminate
them
okay that stand in front of me my guy
SEC go
by another one dead [__]
put the [__] gun away
spping
[Music]
magazines that wasn't too bad
stabilizing
V my Lord we may now cross the bridge
proceed to the
objective I'm getting the hang of
this sir you seem to be at full strength
again did the apothecaries identify the
cause of your collapse focus on the
mission Sergeant as you wish my
Lord [__] spawn mines
gadriel keep up that jeez how far back
do you want to be my
guy the patol room is on the other side
of that door
this is it use the controls to restore
power it worked let's get down there
practical there's a shortcut across the
rooftops to the east good
proceed have
convenient what motive do these
creatures have to attack this facility
they have no need for the technology
sniper they're like seeds carried by the
wind their only motive is to devour and
expand now why did it give me a sniper
that's the
question bit weird isn't it
pop the head off a z FR
maybe where am I
going just down this way I
suppose incoming SPS cut them down with
pleasure let us get to work blessed
B oh you bastard
die you pestilent R not sure how much
effect you get from headshotting these
things
my V
you what I thought it was behind the
wall I am getting wrecked right now by B
sailed my sh
it seemed to make my [__] he do
nothing as well yikes we should have
just g into M [__] the sniper rifle
man it ain't doing
[__] ah the [__] set up which is not
good I'm trying to heal up the
Hest
reloading got you
Cannon boy enemy destroyed yeah okay wow
we actually got kind of lucky there
didn't we yes
sir [__]
man yeah we couldn't have actually gone
into melee so I guess the sniper rifle
was
okay I think I'd prefer a stalker bolt
rifle though I'm sure the sniper's good
in PvP but
I'd rather stock stock a bol rifle since
I can't actually one shot warriors with
it oh [__] another one do one of you
guys want to get this can the AI pick
that
up yeah pick that up
dude I've got it
gadel so annoying when the AI is like
this
they will not get past
this I want my melter gun back
Wars here to see who can s more zenos
for the Chiron you wish for me to
humiliate you again brother oh I hope
your Vault are works better than your
memory reloading
yeah we dealt with that ravener nice and
easy too
slow reload
normally those raveners are in absolute
pain in the
ass well that was a whole lot of messing
around just to get on this [__]
facility to go over
here oh we're going to have to fight
shitloads more as well exposed expect a
b your ride uhhuh if I'm not mistaken
you've had bad luck with Fargo elevators
that was a long time ago I prefer not to
discuss it at least you made it out
alive which is more than we can say for
the
ORS it appears we have their attention
and they have ours unfortunate for them
yeah I can see them lots of
gagles am I meant to be killing them
toake not this
again we tried one of these missions
before and it was very
difficult [__] hell
get out of here
homers special tactics readying
BS are
CH they are charging the chains chains
are taking a beating
T never travel
alone munition
secured w SC attempted to
sabotage another one
dead T bombarding the
chains they hurry the chains
F
hell got you
[Music]
down
right turn into cing up those chains
again
Els are barely holding together kill
those
bastards did we get
him [__] yeah [__]
yeah slopping
magazines that was not too
bad restocking pretty efficient the
heavy bolt rifle there was pretty
[__] good
yeah
yeah kind of kick their ass
man is that it I feel like why isn't it
doing it I slowly moving closer feel
like there's going to be a boss jump out
or something like a carif effect get our
revenge kill a carif effect this time
not get wrecked by
it not today Cen no scum M you fought
admirably facility in
lockdown we'll need explosives nothing's
getting through that door ventilation
tunnels checking yeah that's a that's a
big door down we could carry explosives
that take that door out I think we be be
good against most things Jesus Christ
there was a word Written in Blood On
nok's Thunderhawk
imura do not speak it brother the words
of the Archen enemy hold Dangerous Power
one should not dismiss any data that may
be relevant have you ever fac the arch
enemy Sergeant regrettably I have not
then I suggest you listen to your
brother yes if the arch enemy is
involved might we not encounter them
here I hope we do
I wish to have words with those traitors
my blood rages at the thought of them
they'll be counting on your hatred be
sure they don't use it against you
another Guardian Relic I wish the AR
would pick it
up not that they
usually well they don't really go down
before you do they it seems actually
yeah let's grab the shot grenades oh
know the crack grenades all right I'm
not bothered about crack grenades really
I like shot grenades the most then frag
then crack and the melab bombs I have
not even
used through here
Brothers okay the adeptus mechanicus put
up a fight
here come
on all right chill out guys I've got the
button
okay those vile creatures T every
crevice how far to the citator they no
direct route it take longer than I'd
like wonder if this jeene stealers in
the game cuz now it suddenly feels like
death hul kind of territory is that a
lior that's a lictor isn't it why don't
they attack they're plotting something
what plotting could these insects be
capable of love these are mere drones
then what guides them a worthy
adversary dude they are spamming me with
Guardian relics and I can't use them and
it makes me feel
sad is this actually the way forward I
feel like I just skipped a lot of
things well whatever if I miss dat slits
I missed them I can collect them at a
later
date was this back to the start I am so
confused yeah that's what we've seen
them scuttling
around oh yeah and that was just the
door we came
through okay
yeah so we didn't go down here did we
did we oh
God no I don't recognize
this hey data
SL take Corridor Hive
s 1 9 K 21
d/ C in your Tech Priest 1 1 0 1
0- s cycle overflow Uplink self to
network neural verification code 1 1 0
1 Das is d8 more it
attention
element classification
recorded cannot feel L extremities go to
death Uplink unsuccessful I don't know
what he's [__] babbling on about with
his binic
[__] is lock door look for a nearby
access
terminal machine Spirit has been
disconnected resetting
now what happened
power's down must be the
reset nice listen they're in the walls
ready your
BS they're coming watch your back nice
oh this is not working man holy
[__] is that elix
I knew there was a liqu
about not so clever now
reloading power is back proceed through
the
door through the
floor it's behind us here
Brothers I am aware I'm
exploring we might find
gold
uh thank
you almost there go to the main Hub then
we're at the data banks expect heavy
resistance they wish to interfere with
our objective our objective is of no
concern to them them their only wish is
to kill
us let's do
it
Mela a fine gift from the forge
counter
hello not
get oh [__] the bed oh [__] my life over
here
brothers so where's the attack window eh
oh I dodged way too early there
reload yeah you got to dodge a lot
later wait a good bit
before man I need to stop going into
melee this thing I don't even bother
it's just a [__] spinning beblade
I did it again ah where's the attack
window in
Melo like right there he's just messing
around you just have to not go to
melee man this thing's so tanky
though that did a lot
just the
armor oh you bastard I revived
myself ah [__] it got me that
time and that time [__]
restocking run me through are your
brother these are going to be a [__]
counter
effect yeah this is awkward to revive me
when he's literally stood on top of me
and now chiron's going down yeah I mean
I went into melee like [__] seven
times I just need to not do
that hit it with a couple of crack
grenades we should be all right need
assistance yeah I don't think he can get
the revive look at all these hommers
man someone needs like
frags oh chilling
on
your you must be more special tactics
ready God
you loading
up grenade
out I got me all right let's go again
let's go
again we got this we just don't go into
Mele this is my first time ever find a
car
effects I've only had neuro for up in
the
PVE I mean it's logical you don't really
want to be melee and canif effect to
drark the
conf what's a practical not get C where
a chares at
youon Beast
when it goes into death spit mode that's
when you
can last
it changing magazine
FR grenade
Dey
weing
oh
[__] [__] hell man
[__]
[__] clearing the
way loading up
grenade
what stay with me bastard brother
hate keep your head I have
you calm down my guy
I've sustain heavy
damage a
com need ammunition I am with
you no that canceled my
health death
is recovering
jeez man where's the
ammo [__]
off ammunition
DEET yeah so when it charges into a
wall grabbing
equip using grenade
you have a couple of
opportunities crack grenades are
obviously
good xenos heavy armor
eliminated I thought a piece of that
statue would offer more
SP you talking about I once faced a
carax alone nothing but a b miss that
was spot well I am glad to share in the
glory of this
kill there was a bit more armor on the
sides I should have picked up whoops the
mar
know would have made that a little
easier but we live
whatever this facility is in tramples
let us hope the data center is intact
can we access loser tracking data from
another system apparently not it's this
or nothing
what manner of research could testify
such a waste of human life it does not
surprise me the adeptus mechanic has so
willingly make monsters of
themselves hello
oh for [__] sake I don't know what
happened there I'm just
absolutely getting wrecked is what I'm
having to
me just took all my
ready to deploy special
tactics God damn it
ammunition
resupply door function inoperable adjust
pathing zenos they have us boxed in a
mistake they will
soon here
this
way trying to never travel
alone Target
destroyed restocking
[Music]
access restored Corridor cleared for
Transit Advanced by the on the's
Wheel this is great the core of the
reactor there is so much Beauty it's
instability these the sh only the world
from enjoying their beauty Captain
permission to
speak what plagues your mind Corporal
Captain intelligence reports that the
tyranids are on their way roll up units
in key corridors let's get them closer
but do
it do you want to question my
authority there
Authority no sign of the arch enemy
maybe they've been and gone maybe
they're not involved after all stick to
what you know brother I'm merely
observing the data as I am taught to do
by the Codex of
starties the volite reactor still
running let's hope the machine Spirit
has it under control a meltdown will be
catastrophic we'll disable it once we
have the
data okay
[Music]
H iwen left tenant Titus ultramarine
second company enter your command locate
Marius
lose access
denied access rights granted
establishing
Locus
abax the City Temple of thian vitals are
elevated I'll box for a thunderhook
wait open file project Aurora register
intention and requisition open the file
[Music]
open file reconstruction brother those
are
classified
no it was
destroyed mechanic is
fools display current location of
artifact now nice
warning re so he's clearly got a bit of
a history with the
artifact this whole place will collapse
onto the city beneath
us but we're not locating the artifacts
them off thee because of a little
problem down
there oh
dear they are throwing themselves into
the reactor we must shut it down before
they dis stabilize it further machine
Spirit power down the
reactor Vance Rel
cused over I
acquired
explain emergency disag oh that's soate
holy
[__] clear a path to those controls
yeah I'm not sure about this
weapon got
you Judes sing bonai pil St
by what's going
on here they come keep them off that
reactor oh the teranet
[__] me he just came out of
nowhere has taking damage eliminate this
scour not this time
wor in Brothers let us of Tim's
hospitality
stabilize the pool
[Music]
no fa I still
draw [__] hell I've got no
Health still coming
ow if they H the reactor and again it's
over
I'm [__] dead
[__] how the hell do you deal with this
there's way too
many well I need grenades for St that
would help must be grenades around
surely let's have a look
yeah grenades are right
here yeah let's just take this heavy bot
rifle I think that's
better orle grenade launcher maybe how
do I use
this aha wow oh [__] that's very good
and a medic kit yeah sometimes you just
need to repair a little bit crack
grenade
okay let's try this
again p stand
by we use crack grenades first deal the
Warriors that come finally with the bone
swords here they come keep them off that
reactor reloading using
grenade oh [__] hell you kill
yourself with crack I didn't know that
was a thing
get them off the
reactor more tyr's incoming Brothers let
us show them some of Timar hospitality
H these senos before they destroy us
all my armor
is retions unstable
disengage move to the next console make
haste get out of here more
Fresh Magazine Judes theard Pyon
s bro I'm nearly dead how many pylons
remain
engaged one Pon maintains the
reactor
disengaging unable to comply
tempates circuits I intervention
required
grown Dam it they're making another push
intercept FR grenade
deploy reloading weapon
no he must break his shield the Beast
bra death
brother another one
dead I've sustained heavy
damage I'm must been the I'm
foro CL by gu
us kill take
hit
no dead oh my
gosh okay this is incredibly
difficult maybe I need to save the fra
when they actually climb up I'm not sure
I'm not sure if they're getting full
value when they're on the
floor we would have thought they would
but but I'm not
sure yeah let's try and not blow myself
up crack grenade this time that would
help tremendously
Jes sing pil standop
by here they come keep them off that
reactor need to
reload observe the has never travel
alone they hit the reactor hold them
back down
it
incing let us show them
never grenade
deploy
reloading R grenade deploy
got reactor remains unstable disengage
to
move to the next console make
haste
resupplying changing
magazine Jes
The Stand by all right we got those
shock grenades there how many
[Music]
P one may change the reaction so two
more shot grenades three more frags here
disengaging un to comply temperatures
areed from bar on the floor bar
there grown Dam it they're making
another push intercept
grenade
out go the Beast bra death Brothers
take through
thiss
man reloading
weapon oh they killed
it
reload damn
it me up give me
strength Caron get me off not done yet
fin us the reactor cannot take another
hit they just don't stop
coming grabbing a
equipment
throwing
still changing magazine
War be
Pride my armor is PR no man just The
Zone
[__] it were just the Zone
left and I guess that Venom Canon guy I
don't know if he died or
not this is
Mindless Judes sing
standby here they come keep them off
that
reactor reloading
TR another one dead
and get them off the re
AC your tyan is incoming
Brother show
PCH these before they destroy us
all see way too many have gone to the
react to
them need to
[Music]
reload oh I got this m
how the hell are they still coming man
secur loading
up reaction remains un disengage to sh
pons move to the next console make
haste a this is
ridiculous so I had like 71% last
time and now I'm on what 46 I'm screwed
Judes the pon stand
by how many pylons remain engaged
one volon Pon maintains the
reactor
disengaged unble to comply temperature
fuse to R circuits manual intervention
required oh
[__] wait no this thing doesn't have a
grenade launcher I thought I picked up
one with a grenade
launcher leave no Z no standing
T the Beast craves death brother we
shall blind
no the Primark if they hit the reactor
again it's
over they never
Le reloading
oh you
bastard there too many armors man damn
they they're going in and kon's just
messing around I don't know what he's
doing your brother fails to revive me
every time such dum dum your Emperor
forgive us
failed dude this
is I nearly got it the first time
nearly
nearly oh my
gosh judai p stand
by yeah I got to use the grenade
launcher I think keep them off that
reactor
reload the reactor hold them back Dam it
more is incoming brother let us show you
double B's
Hospitality got
you grenade
resupplying
another one dead
restocking dang
dude reactor remains unstable disengage
additional
Pilots move to the next console make h
The Zone props they just too
much Judes the pon stand
by how many pylons remain
engaged one Pyon maintains the
reactor
disengaged unable to comply t a fuse REM
circuits manual intervention requires
yes yes come on we
know thr Dam they are making another
push
intercept them
right grenade
deploy
reload the Beast craves death from we
shall a blind
speci reloading we
Target destroyed just getting hit from
all mys here this is
ridiculous quick missed it if they hit
the reactor again it's
over reloading
need to
reload mition
secured quick quick rev rev rev rev is
with us brother
our enemies would all be
so oh what was that it's like he did it
twice in a
row damage
oh they're not letting me
execute no no no leave me leave me leave
me reative approaching critical failure
dude evident
dis no
opportunity
activate ridiculous
jent reaction has ented in
tret
wow that was the last of them oh my God
that was so hard generators have been
awakened no seal systems returning to
her no sign of tyranids a smell of burnt
iore is enough we have what we came for
move to the extraction
Zone yeah I don't know what the strategy
there was I think the grenade launcher
Bol rifle was a pretty good
idea but [__] there's just no time like
I want to grab those shot grenades I
couldn't even get around the corner
trying to kill the Warriors cuz they're
actually risking killing you
then the zone for was buffing all the
harmers oh it's just
ridiculous but the enemy seems to really
focus on the player not the
AI so yeah it was a bit of a
pin anyway I managed to stabilize the
reactor and shut it down so stops us all
getting on
no liutenant what did you see in those
mechanicus files a record of extreme
foolishness explain you may direct that
request to our
captain give me a tactical overlay of
the city Captain a minute The adeptus
mechanicus Must Be Stopped what
if they trigger the weapon the results
could be
catastrophic and what makes you suddenly
an expert on mechanic's research they're
using an artifact to power the weapon
I've seen it before on a planet named
gya a traitor by the name of nroth
called it a fragment of the dark God's
power it almost destroyed the planet
G Titus the mechanicus are acting on
orders approved by the Primark and here
are your talking of Gia of all places
Captain if chaos is here if they get
their hands on this thing enough I will
hear no more on the
subject now did you get a location for
lose I sir then get down there and find
him there are those who would see you
sent back to the Inquisition
tread carefully
brother I love the brother at the
end sry Defense Forces have been re damn
them after everything that happened
brother do not keep us in the dark it is
not your concern you you criticize the
captain for withholding intelligence and
yet you treat us to the same evasive
obscurity stray words have cost me
dearly so you do not trust us Brothers
calm yourselves L you face the chaplain
centure
yikes they're so zesty aren't they these
Space
[Music]
Marines look you think the super
soldiers would manage their motions a
bit better but that's more Ric I
suppose what is going on it's not
looking too
good do we get to see who comes out
ofion
suggest how bad is the contamination
I
mean they must have survived right there
they flew the [__]
plane stop
War oh [__] oh do you have to pick them
up and use them in game and then you get
them here
and I'm with you
I'm going to sort to the stalker Bol
rifle yeah we'll keep the power s that's
fine time to go I will not conce brother
you seem troubled I Tire of Reckless
fools I hope you do not mean us not
unless you worship the
omnicide ah then I share your
distaste the little Rees have been found
crawling through
water so what's the job rescue this boy
who's somewhere within the hive
City yeah servant the machine taned
forces surround the temple of fan
breaking through their lines is the only
way to aeve marus L enter the temple
extract the MOs and bring him to safety
of the resilient I didn't even realize
that that was what we're called a battle
badge is called the
resilient cool well I think that's going
to be a job for episode
3 quite fitting it was a good battle to
end it
on a cheeky little bit of plot stuff
going on
and this is of course where zch comes in
something to do with this artifact well
let's get ourselves landed and then I'll
uh I'll end the
episode the temple is located inside the
Dome section of the city we'll have to
land outside and make our
appr oh here we go again
Lance of Jo report Min your damage tank
team is inbound can we depend on you for
extraction yes Lord we will be there
very good brother the emperor protect
make haste we have considerable ground
to cover
great proceed to the Dome all right cool
it's going to be all from me today I am
signing out goodbye
[Music]
the